added mux with out any sources (#16667)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/intercept.md

# intercept

> > A tool that reads raw input events from a specified input event device and redirects it to stdout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Read raw input events from a specified input event device and redirect it to stdout.
```

# intercept

> A tool that reads raw input events from a specified input event device and redirects it to stdout.
> More information: <https://gitlab.com/interception/linux/tools/-/tree/master?ref_type=heads#intercept>.

- Read and output raw input events from a given input device file:

> `sudo intercept -g {{/dev/input?eventX}}`

Reviewer: I see, thanks. I assume this was a typo
```suggestion
`sudo intercept -g {{/dev/input/eventX}}`
```
